[Merged by Bors] - Copy examples for Elixir community client (#444)
infinyon/fluvio-website: content/api/community/elixir.md

---
title: Elixir 
weight: 15
---

> Support for [Elixir](https://elixir-lang.org/) is provided through [fluvio-ex](https://github.com/viniarck/fluvio-ex), a community supported project by [@aviniarck](https://github.com/viniarck).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for [Elixir](https://elixir-lang.org/) is provided through [fluvio-ex](https://github.com/viniarck/fluvio-ex), a community supported project by [@viniarck](https://github.com/viniarck).
```

## Create a topic

This will create a topic `lobby` with 1 partition and 1 replica.

```elixir
alias Fluvio.Admin

{:ok, pid} = Admin.start_link()
{:ok, _} = Admin.create_topic(pid, "lobby", %{partitions: 1, replication: 1})
```

[Link to original source](https://github.com/viniarck/fluvio-ex/blob/master/examples/admin.exs)

## Producer

> In this example, a Producer for the topic `lobby` is created. Then the message `hello` is sent to the topic 20 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a Producer for the topic `lobby` is created. Then the message `hello` is sent to the topic. Also, twenty values (`1` to `20`) are sent asynchronously in chunks of 10.
```
